Current State:
We're currently using reusable GitHub Actions workflows for .NET application deployments, and everything is working well. 
Now, we'd like to streamline the onboarding experience for developers by enabling them to set up their CI/CD environment using VS Code and GitHub Copilot, with minimal manual steps.

Prompts used:
1. You are an expert DevOps engineer with mad skills for translating github actions to product requirements documents (prd) for helping developers accelerate
the process of authoring and testing advanced github action configurations. Based on the content of the files at: 
`$(git rev-parse --show-toplevel)\gitops\workspace\workflow-templates\references` (calling workflow) master-ci-cd-dotnet-appservices.yaml
(called workflow) deploy-child.yaml, first fully comment these as an initial step to creating the prd in a subsequent step.

1a. Pre-requisite: Specify this prompt at the path: $(git rev-parse --show-toplevel)\gitops\workspace\workflow-templates\

2. Once the yaml fies have been fully commented, please create a meta-prompt prd at: $(git rev-parse --show-toplevel)\gitops\workspace\workflow-templates\
named prd-master-ci-cd-dotnet-appservices.md that will clearly but succinctly provide 
sufficient guidance for developers to reference it as a grounded source for prompting github copilot to automatically generate this github actions solution.

3. Prompt the developer for the target folder location to create an .env file that will be configured for exclusion with the .gitignore file for confidentiality,
then host a set of placehoder secrets and variables in it that will be referenced and used in the workflows. For this instance however, use the specific folder at:
$(git rev-parse --show-toplevel)\gitops\workspace\workflow-templates

4. Use the gh cli to automatically configure github environments and branch protection rules and feel free to consolidate a set of gh commands into a script as necessary.

5. Also use the gh cli to configure the secrets and variables at the appropriate scope based on the specification of the refrenced yaml files, i.e.
repository or environment level. 

6. Here is a summary of the desired target state:

6. Automate the setup of:
6a. Secrets
6b. Variables
6c. Environments (with GitHub CLI (gh))
6d. Provide developers with a guided setup prompt that Copilot can assist with in VS Code
6e. Document the process clearly so developers can use and customize the child workflow (deploy-child.yaml) as part of their repo
6f. We’d like to understand the best practices and recommended approach for:
6g. Allowing developers to generate secrets/variables using Copilot-powered scripting (e.g., setup.sh + Copilot Chat).
6h. Creating GitHub environments dynamically (like dev, qa, prod) via the GitHub CLI.
6i. Packaging this into a repeatable developer onboarding workflow (script + markdown doc) that works well with Copilot and can be added to a repo template.
6j. Would appreciate guidance or examples on how best to structure this using GitHub-native tooling.
